Table of contents

1. Introduction
  a. Background and motivation
  b. Research questions
  c. Objectives
  d. Accomplishments
  e. Structure of the thesis

2. Literature review
a. Marine Energy
b. Steady study of tidal turbine
   1) lab experiment
   2) numerical modelling
c. Unsteady study of tidal turbine
   1) turbulent inflow
   2) wave effect on tidal turbine
   
d. hydro-turbine noise
e. wake 
f. cavitation
g. Bio-fouling




3. Computational hydrodynamic methodology
	a Rapid solvers for the the horizontal axis marine turbine (HAMT) rotor in free space
		1) The steady BEM method
		2) The unsteady BEM method
	b  CFD 
		1) Turbulent flow simulation brief review[only brief review on DNS, LES and DES, as you have not used them in the project]
		2) Turbulent flow modelling
			a) RANS and URANS
			b) The global rotating grid and local sliding grid approaches
                                 [The global rotating grid is good for free space problems involving only the rotor and the sliding grid is more general and good for simulating the rotor+pylon and in confined space as including free surface waves and sea floor,
                                   but requires more computational resources]
			c) Water wave modelling: The VOF approach and the one phase approximation [using UDF]

4. Blade optimization based on  CIRCLE method and momentum theory
	a. Performance improvement of a small turbine  based on CIRCLE methods
	b. Optimal design based on momentum theory
             c.  the acoustics analysis of  the E387 and A7 rotors
	   1) The FWH and Gutin’s acoustic methodology
	   2)  Results and Conclusion
             e. summary

5.  Free surface effects on HAMT
	a. The water waves analytical description
                 1) linear and nonlinear wave
	b. Numerical methods
                 1) Unsteady BEM and the RANS *one phase* approximation analysis [new]
	    2) The *two phase VOF* [or level set] analysis [If you can get results, new]
             C. Parametric study of wave effects on MCT
                  1) wave amplitude effect on performance and wake
                  2) wave length  effect on performance and wake
                  3) water depth effect on performance and wake
                  4) wave types  effect on performance and wake
                        + Sine versus 2nd stokes wave
                  
            d. summary

6. The HAMT in confined space
	a. blade  tip clearance effect on performance and wake 
                  1) variable tip clearance with and without wave
             b. pylon effect on performance and wake
             c. sea floor effect on performance and wake
             d. summary

7. Summary and future work
